DOCSP-36053 Add a warning to docker compose mode on experimental status (#263)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-deploy-docker.txt

   .. step:: Create a ``docker-compose.yaml`` file.

      a. Create the ``docker-compose.yaml`` file in the same directory 
         that you run Docker Compose from.

         **Example:**

         .. code-block:: sh
            :linenos: 
         
            services:
              mongo:
                image: mongodb/atlas
                privileged: true
                command: |
                  /bin/bash -c "atlas deployments setup --type local --port 27778 --bindIpAll --username root --password {your-password} --force && tail -f /dev/null"
                volumes:
                  - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
                ports:
                  - 27778:27778

>       #. Replace the password in the command on line 6 with your
>          password and save the file.

Reviewer: Suggest the following in case the example or lines change.

```suggestion
      #. Replace the ``{your-password}`` variable in the example with your
         password and save the file.
```
